Replace flags with arguments (#304)
Kattis/problem-package-format: spec/2023-07-draft.md

  so that simply appending a filename to feedback_dir gives the path to a file in the feedback directory.

- additional_arguments:

>   in case the test case specifies `output_validator_args`, these are passed as additional arguments to the validator on the command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  in case `output_validator_args` are specified for the test case, these are passed as additional arguments to the validator on the command line.
```
